celebrate visit from Snoopy's time to
play a game we call whose hi it's a very
[Applause]
[Music]
good how you been good so cousin Sal do
you know which one of these contestants
or whatever we want to call them is hi
oh I do you do okay how do you know that
did they tell you you know just by the
smell um it was a little vomiting
backstage but yeah no I just know it's
okay all right very good all right so
first we have Angela were you from
Angela
I'm from New Orleans Louisiana New
Orleans Louisiana are you here on
vacation right now
yes yeah are you enjoying yourself I
sure AM what have you been up to I went
to Palm Springs I just got here from
Palm Springs yesterday and I've been in
Houston as well okay
all right very good all right now let's
meet our next contestant and his name is
what is that I can't see on your
medallion ken de Ken I candy Ken yeah
here we go all right is that your
nickname yeah yeah candy Ken what is it
that you do for a living uh performance
art but for what kind of performance our
music videos I do where are you from
candy Canada Austria okay all right and
finally we meet Jasmine hello Jeff hi
were you from Jasmine I'm from Roosevelt
New York Roosevelt New York all right
very good
all right so Jasmine let me get a closer
look at your eyes right now
see if you can open those a little I was
born this way you do have some redness
and you seem like the least likely
candidate to me right now which makes me
think you are the most likely candidate
all right now let's candy ken would you
mind showing us your eyes yes
take those glasses off okay yeah I feel
like candy ken is trying to convince us
that he is high you know Jasmine
nodding yes okay Angela let's take a
look at your eyes there okay very well
pretty clear pretty clear Angela what's
your favorite movie I just saw I just
saw I can't even remember okay well
that's all right face closed that's kind
of the perfect answer all right so I got
Angela I got Ken and I got Jasmine I'm
just based on the oh well now Jasmine's
trying to make me pick her so now I
don't know um you know what I'm going
with Angela Angela I'm gonna say you are
hi yeah
[Applause]
our players cookie downs for the apps
here all right very good enjoy the raw
cookie dough remember don't eat it raw
all right thank you very much let's
bring in another group here one of the
people we are about to meet is also hi
we've got Matt Joel and Dylan all right
you guys just look like a rap group of
some time no way Matt and Dylan are you
twins yes we are her names are Matt
Dillon yes figured it out your parents
are high actually triplets Jimmy I don't
know if it shows but they're all hey
where are you from Matt and Dylan
we are from South Australia you're from
South Australia how about that and
you're here on vacation right now yeah
we're actually vacating with two other
twins as well really how old are you 24
you're 24 years old so Matt Dillon the
actor was indeed famous when you were
born
please no night type error right we'll
go do that
yeah oh oh so you don't even know why
this is funny
do you know who Matt Dillon is uh is it
is he a chef my god this is unbelievable
daizen act that he's an actor that's
right you could have been Matt Damon it
could have been worse
and Jill where are you from Joel
Charlotte North Carolina Joel you know
what Matt Dillon is right yeah I'm bad
this you do of course now Joel you are
hiding your eyes it seems a little bit
yeah let me what do you do for a living
Joel oh I'm a musician musician what
kind of music do you do I play it all
I'm a drummer a drummer okay let's take
a look at your eyes if you don't mind
see what we can get going on there
uh-huh
okay all right lift up that cab a little
cuz I can't really see oh yeah okay
there we go all right
oh very clear all right well I don't
know you know you might want to see an
optometrist I think I'm uh I was working
on it you might have the beginning of
glaucoma all right Matt Matt let's have
a look at Matt's eyes Matt Matt have you
been smoking pot today uh nice uh no
okay well then that it kind of answers
my question and Dylan your brother would
be weird if one was high and the other
wasn't let's take a look at Dylan Dylan
oh look at that now Dylan's Thrones
never had a joint his life he still got
his boyfriend all right I am okay I you
know what I'm done - Joel I think you
are hi are you I think your race is
Jimmy
[Applause]
that's the end of boring long was that
so no more are you hi I guess
it's weird that one of the twins would
be hi all right well I'm going with Matt
you are the high one Matt no no you're
not
Dylan comes out of nowhere Dylan you are
hi correct
oh my goodness well at least your
parents can be proud of one of you
prizes were all of us you could hacky
sack oh yeah enjoy have fun hacky
sacking together all right all right
thank you very much that's Joel Madden
dump man and Dylan huh how about that
well there you go that's the game the
car thanks for watching and remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed